Add more info on how to deploy TS workers in Docker (#1578)
temporalio/documentation: docs/typescript/production-deploy.md

  - Note that there are separate [Timeouts and Retry Policy](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/interfaces/client.workflowoptions/#workflowruntimeout) at the Workflow level, but we do not encourage their usage unless you know what you are doing.
- _to be completed as we get more user feedback_

## Running in Docker

Workers based on TypeScript SDK can be deployed and run as Docker containers.

At this moment, we recommend usage of NodeJS 16 (note that there are known issues with NodeJS 18). Both `amd64` and `arm64` platforms are supported. A glibc-based image is required; musl-based images are _not_ supported (see below).

> The easiest way to deploy a TypeScript SDK Worker on Docker is to start with the `node:16-bulleyes` image. For example:
> 
> ```dockerfile
> FROM node:16-bulleyes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to deploy a TypeScript SDK Worker on Docker is to start with the `node:16-bullseye` image. For example:

```dockerfile
FROM node:16-bullseye
```

COPY . /app
WORKDIR /app

RUN npm install --only=production \
    && npm run build

CMD ["build/worker.js"]
```

> For smaller images and/or more secure deployments, it is also possible to use `node:slim` Docker image variants (eg. `node:16-bulleyes-slim`), or `distroless/nodejs` Docker images (ie. `grc.io/distroless/nodejs:16`). See details below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For smaller images and/or more secure deployments, it is also possible to use `-slim` Docker image variants (like `node:16-bullseye-slim`) or `distroless/nodejs` Docker images (like `grc.io/distroless/nodejs:16`) with the below caveats.
```

> ### Using `node:slim` images
> 
> `node:slim` images do not contain some of the common packages found in regular images. This results in significantly smaller images.
> 
> Note however that TypeScript SDK requires the presence of root TLS certificates (ie. the `ca-certificates` package), which are not included in `slim` images. This package is required even when connecting to a local Temporal Server, and when using a server connection config that doesn't explicitly use TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using `node:slim` images

`node:slim` images do not contain some of the common packages found in regular images. This results in significantly smaller images.

However, TypeScript SDK requires the presence of root TLS certificates (the `ca-certificates` package), which are not included in `slim` images. `ca-certificates` package is required even when connecting to a local Temporal Server or when using a server connection config that doesn't explicitly use TLS.
```

For this reason, the `ca-certificates` package must be installed during the construction of the Docker image. For example:

```dockerfile
FROM node:16-bulleyes-slim

RUN apt-get update \
    && apt-get install -y ca-certificates \
    && rm -rf /var/lib/apt/lists/*

# ... same as with regular image
```

> Failure to install this dependency results in `[TransportError: transport error]` runtime error, because the certificates cannot be verified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failure to install this dependency results in a `[TransportError: transport error]` runtime error, because the certificates cannot be verified.
```

### Using `distroless/nodejs` images

> `distroless/nodejs` images includes only the files that are strictly required to execute node. This results in even smaller images (approximately half the size of `node:slim` images). It also significantly reduce the surface of potential security issues that could be exploited by an eventual hacker in the resulting Docker images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`distroless/nodejs` images include only the files that are strictly required to execute `node`. This results in even smaller images (approximately half the size of `node:slim` images). It also significantly reduces the surface of potential security issues that could be exploited by a hacker in the resulting Docker images.
```

> It is generally possible and safe to execute TypeScript SDK Workers using `distroless/nodejs` images (ie. unless your code itself requires dependencies that are not included in `distroless/nodejs`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is generally possible and safe to execute TypeScript SDK Workers using `distroless/nodejs` images (unless your code itself requires dependencies that are not included in `distroless/nodejs`).
```

Note however that some tools required for the build process (notably the `npm` command) are _not_ included in the `distroless/nodejs` image. This might result in various error messages during the Docker build.

The recommanded solution is to use a multi-step Dockerfile. For example:

```dockerfile
# -- BUILD STEP --

FROM node:16-bulleyes AS builder

COPY . /app
WORKDIR /app

RUN npm install --only=production \
    && npm run build

# -- RESULTING IMAGE --

FROM grc.io/distroless/nodejs:16

COPY --from=builder /app /app
WORKDIR /app

CMD ["build/worker.js"]
```

### Properly configure Node's memory in Docker

> By default, `node` configures its maximum old-gen memory to 25% of the _physical memory_ of the machine on which it is executing, with a maximum of 4 GB. This is very likely innappropriate when running node in a Docker environment and can result in either under usage of available memory (ie. node only uses a fraction of the memory allocated to the container) or overusage (ie. node tries to use more memory than what is allocated to the container, which will eventually lead to the process being killed by the operating system).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `node` configures its maximum old-gen memory to 25% of the _physical memory_ of the machine on which it is executing, with a maximum of 4 GB. This is very likely innappropriate when running node in a Docker environment and can result in either under usage of available memory (`node` only uses a fraction of the memory allocated to the container) or overusage (`node` tries to use more memory than what is allocated to the container, which will eventually lead to the process being killed by the operating system).
```

> It is therefore recommanded that you always explicitly set the `--max-old-space-size` node argument to approximately 80% of the maximum size (in megabytes) that you want to allocate the node process. You might need some experimentation and adjustment to find the most appropriate value based on your specific application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is therefore recommanded that you always explicitly set the `--max-old-space-size` `node` argument to approximately 80% of the maximum size (in megabytes) that you want to allocate the `node` process. You might need some experimentation and adjustment to find the most appropriate value based on your specific application.
```

Reviewer: maybe also mention workflow cache size worker config?

Author: Yeah, I was considering it too, but had too little time to write this at this point.

However, it might be better to move this subsection and the one about configuring workflow cache size to a distinct sections. Would also mention `workflowThreadPoolSize` in this. All of these configuration items applies both to docker and non-docker cases, though being in docker make adjusting these a little bit more important.

> In practice, it is generally easier to provide this argument through the `NODE_OPTIONS` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, it is generally easier to provide this argument through the [`NODE_OPTIONS` environment variable](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#node_optionsoptions).
```
